in this video I want to tell you about
how to use neural networks to do
multi-class classification where we may
have more than one category that we're
trying to distinguish in it in the last
part of the last video where we had the
hammer ten digit recognition problem
that was actually a multi-class
classification problem because there
were ten possible categories for
recognizing the digits from 0 through 9
and so if you want to fill you in on the
details on how to do that
the way we do multi-class classification
in a neural network is essentially an
extension of the one versus all method
so let's say that we have a computer
vision example where instead of just
trying to recognize cause as in the
original example that started off with
but let's say that we're trying to
recognize you know four categories of
objects so given an image we want to
decide if it's a pedestrian a car a
motorcycle or a truck if that's the case
what we would do is we would build a
neural network with four output units so
that our neural network now outputs a
vector of four numbers so the output now
is actually going to be a vector of four
numbers and what we're going to try to
do is get the first output unit to
classify is the image of pedestrian yes
or no the second unit to classify is the
emission car yes or no this unit to
classify is the image a motorcycle yes
or no and just to classify is the image
a truck yes or no and thus when the
image is of a pedestrian we would
ideally want two networks up in 100 row
when there's a car we wanted to output
Oh 100 ones a motorcycle we get it too
or rather we want it to output over 100
and so on so this is just like the one
versus all method that we talked about
when we were describing logistic
regression and here we have essentially
for logistic regression classifier each
of which is trying to reckon
is one of the four horses that we want
to distinguish among so rearranging
slide a bit here's our neural network
with four upper units and those are one
one H of X to be when we have the
different images and the way we're going
to represent the training set in these
settings is as follows so when we have a
training set with different images of
pedestrians cars motorcycles and trucks
what we're going to do in this example
is that whereas previously we had
written out the labels as Y being an
integer from 1 2 3 or 4 instead of
representing Y this way we're going to
instead represent Y as as follows namely
Y I will be either a 100 100 or 100 1
depending on what the corresponding
image X items and so one training
example will be one pair X I comma Y
where X I is an image with you know one
of the four objects and why I will be
one of these vectors and hopefully we
can find a way to get our network to
output some value so that H of X is
approximately Y and both H of X and y i
both of these are going to be in our
example for dimensional vectors when we
have four classes
so that's how you get a neural network
to do multi France classification this
wraps up our discussion on how to
represent neural network status on a
hypothesis representation in the next
set of videos let's start to talk about
how to take a training set and how to
automatically learn the parameters of
the neural network